hey how's it going Dave 2d here so I was
able to play with the Samsung Galaxy s8
for a couple of days and want to share
some my thoughts with you the first
thing I want to talk about is the screen
so it's big it's high-res it's bright
the aspect ratio is stretched out so
widescreen content fits it better the
extra visual real estate is nice but
using a one-handed is and I'll come back
to that the second thing is the design
I mean visually it looks amazing but
it's more than that this is the first
film that I've used where the curved
screen felt really comfortable in my
hand when it comes to phones I don't
care too much about millimeters and
grams and stuff like that I just want to
feel comfortable my hand and most curved
screens just don't feel good in the hand
but this one does and it comes from this
thing right here the frame the
transition from the front glass to the
frame and then to the back glass feels
almost seamless there's just nothing
with texture it's really nice to hold
but it's also really slippery I would
strongly recommend getting a skin for
this thing I'll link the ones I use
below they're from D brand and they're
awesome the other things I like are
wireless charging to the headphone jack
a Bluetooth 5.0 I love the extra range
you get from that
I like the microSD slot the USB C port
and the performance feels really quick
so far all good stuff the camera
hardware is similar to the galaxy s7 but
let's be honest the camera on the s7 was
awesome so it's not too big of a deal to
me that they didn't upgrade the camera
here are some comparison photos I mean
this isn't a review or anything but in
case you're interested
the front-facing camera has improved
quite a bit and considering how many
selfies get taken every day I think this
is a good call
now these devices have large screens
that are super bright and have high
resolution so there's a lot of pixels to
process and the battery size isn't huge
so I wasn't expecting amazing battery
life the first full day of use I ended
the day with 32% left relatively heavy
use over the course of the day at night
I charged it back up watched some
YouTube videos and then I streamed a
twitch channel overnight with max volume
max screen brightness highest resolution
not feet and EP plus default but the
1440p plus and when I checked it eight
hours later it was at 36% screen on time
was basically the same I think that's
not bad I mean if I streamed that on an
iPhone 7 I'd probably get some very
similar numbers Samsung Dex is kind of
cool I don't know how many people would
use it I mean turning your phone into a
tethered desktop experience is not
something that I would use very much
personally but it's there the options
available if you need it the facial
recognition is awesome it works fast and
it's reliable I tried it with sunglasses
just to see and I mean these are the
sunglasses I use they didn't work very
well just straight up doesn't recognize
it now I don't wear glasses like regular
glasses and I just wanted to know what
would it be like for people that do or
glasses so I popped out the lenses for
my sunglasses this is going to look
ridiculous
I wore it on my face and I tried to get
the phone to record because these look
look amazing I tried to get the phone to
recognize my face and it was like hit or
miss sometimes would work sometimes it
wouldn't I should wear this for the rest
of the video okay the fingerprint
scanner isn't in the best location I
have to stretch for it but really since
the facial recognition is so good I'm
totally fine with it being on the back
like this the Galaxy s8 is packing a lot
of cool tech and let's just tell Samsung
roles they take the top of the line in
phone tech and they stuffed into the
phones and they usually end up with
something like this really high-end tech
in a top-tier flagship phone but
hardware specs aren't everything for me
user experience is by far the most
important thing when it comes to any
kind of device and with this there's a
couple things that kind of detract from
the user experience the first is that on
screen home button I think it could or
should be a little bigger
and the haptic feedback isn't good it
feels like a regular phone vibration if
you're going to do this you need a more
localized vibration like how the iPhone
7 button feels the speakers are also not
stereo and I know a lot of people don't
care about this but it's important to me
I consume most of my media on my phone
and it's so weird watching super
high-res video that looks gorgeous on
the screen while having tinny audio that
just comes out from one side of the
phone it just feels off the screen is
also difficult to use one-handed so a
wide phone like the Google pixel XL this
is already wide and a little bit
uncomfortable to use but it's okay I
managed the s8 because of the tall
screen the vertical stretch is crazy
this is actually the first phone I've
had to use one-handed vote and this was
on the s8 it's going to be even worse on
the s8 plus the last thing is probably
my most personal opinion I know a lot of
people are going to disagree with this
but I don't love where they're going
with big speed and I know I haven't
given an extended trial but Bigsby is
such a heavy investment and commitment
into the exact type of stuff that I
don't like but some of Samsung software
their proprietary samsung apps that are
just stuck on your phone you can't get
rid of and this time it comes with a
dedicated Hardware button so if you're
interested in this phone and you enjoyed
the s6 and/or the s7 user experience
you're going to love the s8 it's just a
basically an elevated version of those
phones truly next-level hardware you're
going to love it but if you didn't like
the s6 and/or the s7 because of the user
interface because of the user experience
it's going to feel very similar that's
the end of this video hope you guys
enjoyed it some of you liked it subview
loved it see you guys next time
[Music]